Add Cuda Vector Types (#7949)
numba/numba: docs/source/cuda-reference/kernel.rst

    Suspends the thread for a sleep duration approximately close to the delay
    ``ns``, specified in nanoseconds.

> 

Reviewer: It feels like "Types" should be a higher-level section all of its own:

```suggestion

Types
-----
```

Author: Should this be under kernel.rst or should it have its own page? Like host kernel, types has its own page: https://numba.pydata.org/numba-doc/dev/reference/types.html.

Reviewer: I think perhaps starting a new page is a good idea - once that is done, we should at some point add reference to `float16` in it as well (but not for this PR / as part of this work).

Vector Types
~~~~~~~~~~~~

`CUDA Vector Types <https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#built-in-vector-types>`_
are available in the kernel. Unlike native CUDA, vector types are constructed
directly with their constructor. For example, to construct a ``float3``:

.. code-block:: python3

    from numba.cuda import float3

    # In kernel
    f3 = float3(float32(0.0), float32(-1.0), float32(1.0))

Besides, vector type can be constructed from a combination of vector types and
primitive types, as long as the total number of components matches with the result
vector type. For example, all of the following constructions are valid:

.. code-block:: python3

    zero = uint32(0)
    u2 = uint2(1, 2)
    # Construct a 3-component vector with primitive type and a 2-component vector
    u3 = uint3(zero, u2)
    # Construct a 4-component vector with 2 2-component vectors
    u4 = uint4(u2, u2)

The 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th component of the vector type can be accessed through fields 

> ``x``, ``y``, ``z``, ``w``, respectively. The components are currently immutable
> after construction.

Reviewer: Just to make it clear that they're immutable as a limitation of the present implementation in Numba:

```suggestion
``x``, ``y``, ``z``, and ``w`` respectively. The components are immutable after
construction in the present version of Numba; it is expected that support for
mutating vector components will be added in a future release.
```
